Add documentation to the plugins. (#888)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: pkg/epp/framework/plugins/requestcontrol/dataproducer/approximateprefix/README.md

# Approximate Prefix Cache Producer Plugin

**Type:** `approx-prefix-cache-producer` | **Implementation:** [plugin.go](plugin.go)

> Prepares per-endpoint prefix cache match data consumed by the [`prefix-cache-affinity-filter`](../../../scheduling/filter/prefixcacheaffinity/README.md) and [`prefix-cache-scorer`](../../../scheduling/scorer/prefix/README.md). Runs in the `PrepareRequestData` phase before scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepares per-endpoint prefix cache match data consumed by the [`prefix-cache-affinity-filter`](../../../scheduling/filter/prefixcacheaffinity/README.md) and [`prefix-cache-scorer`](../../../scheduling/scorer/prefix/README.md). Runs in the request handling's `DataProducer` phase before scheduling.
```

**Parameters:**
- `autoTune` (bool, optional, default: `true`): Infer block size and LRU capacity from endpoint metrics when available.
- `blockSizeTokens` (int, optional, default: `0`): Prefix block size in tokens. Used when `autoTune` is false or metrics are unavailable.
- `maxPrefixBlocksToMatch` (int, optional, default: `0`): Maximum number of prefix blocks considered per request. `0` means unlimited.
- `maxPrefixTokensToMatch` (int, optional, default: `0`): Alternative cap expressed in tokens instead of blocks. Takes precedence over `maxPrefixBlocksToMatch` when set.
- `lruCapacityPerServer` (int, optional, default: `0`): Default per-pod LRU index capacity when endpoint metrics are unavailable.
- `blockSize` (int, optional): Deprecated — character-based block size. Use `blockSizeTokens` instead.

**Configuration Example:**
```yaml
plugins:
  - type: approx-prefix-cache-producer
    name: approx-prefix
    parameters:
      autoTune: true
      lruCapacityPerServer: 1000
schedulingProfiles:
  - name: default
    plugins:
      - pluginRef: approx-prefix

>         weight: 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugins:
  - type: approx-prefix-cache-producer
    parameters:
      autoTune: true
      lruCapacityPerServer: 1000
```
